---
title: "Unexpected good news"
date: 2026-03-20
categories:
  - update
tags:
  - Tokoroa 1
excerpt: ""
---

so you know how I said updates would slow down? apparently not. 

my PM has been busy busy! I have (my PM has) received quotes for pretty much everything, and we've sorted out a plan going forward, and the geotech report came in and they said normal piles were OK! this saves me like 10k and a lot of convenience. we're very happy about this, all around. 

so we're going to see about getting the surveyor and draftie in and clearing the section, and getting the BC in and house on site ASAP. (ASAP means we're hoping for like, 2-3 weeks max.) it works better for me if I can get the house on before BC, even, because something something council. I bet the auckland seller will be glad to see the back of it too. sure I pay a bit more in holding costs (interest on hard money is not cheap), but not that much more compared to what I save. 

I even have a second-choice kitchen layout now, in case the first one doesn't work out for whatever reason, or just because corner cabinets suck. and speaking of corner cabinets, the hardware to make them useful is *expensive*. (there are always going to be two corner cabinets, but we can make one of them an under-sink one.) also a few other layouts with oven towers. basically there are *options*. freestanding is always better though, for like replacements and shit. 

price math because I need to put it somewhere:
- standard freestanding electric oven with hotplate or wire coils: 1.2k
- same thing, but ceramic: 1.7k
- same thing, but induction: 2.7k (beko a lot more commonly available than haier)
- separate built-in oven and 60cm induction cooktop from haier: 700 and 900 respectively (beko also similarly priced)
the thing I actually want is freestanding with induction, but I don't think I can justify the price given it's a rental and there are tenants to consider. (if it was just for me, I'd go straight for bosch)

and I think that settles it, we put in a standard standard one because it has the least points of failure. 
