---
title: "Trapped in district plan hell"
date: 2026-02-27
categories:
  - update
tags:
  - Tokoroa 1
excerpt: ""
---

# events as they happened

some fucker hit my fence. Which I'm having taken down anyway, but this is way ahead of schedule. minor repair instead, for now. 

also, now that I own this house, I can actually make sure it's tidy - nobody's mowed lawns since the house was listed. soooo many mosquito bites. 

some colour selections have come in for house1 (I outsourced it to someone with opinions about aesthetics). also got started on a Decide Once spec sheet for fittings, appliances, and colours. and assembled my project BOD. next time shit won't take so long and there'll be less decisions. 

that one guy who does all the geotech reports for everyone retired, but he passed on a recommendation. lots of stuff happening on site but my PM is handling all that. 

---

# commentary

today marks, like, one week since I had to travel for this project. woohoo. 

still spending way too long deciding on "optimal" site layout to squeeze out just a little bit more functionality. frequent what-if-ing about picking the other house, and every time, I have to remind myself that that house would require a cabin to get 4br rent. 

I read the district plan, but I'm not an expert in applying it and I'm really feeling the lack here. does this count, does that count. honestly just as well a cabin isn't part of the immediate plan lol. 

question of the day: do you put the thing that they're going to use for storage in a part of the section that is technically a flood zone and actually does get ponding when it rains? well, when you put it that way, there's a definite preference for one layout option over the other. now to see if the district plan will let me do that. 

yeah I'm really looking forward to the hands-off part of this project

---

# project status
- dunno, the PM does that for me now

